Mexico freed U.S. Marine reservist Sgt.
Andrew Paul Tahmooressi, who'd been held in a prison there for seven months.
Tahmooressi boarded a flight for Miami from San Diego.
"It is with an overwhelming and humbling feeling of relief that we confirm that Andrew was released today after spending 214 days in Mexican jail,"
relatives said in a statement Friday night.
A court ordered that Tahmooressi,
who'd been held on weapons charges, be freed, a Mexican federal government news release said.
Tahmooressi was arrested March 31 at a Tijuana, Mexico, checkpoint after Mexican customs agents found three firearms in his truck,
including a .45-caliber pistol, a pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle.
Mexico's strict federal gun laws prohibit anyone from illegally bringing weapons into the country.
Tahmooressi family spokesman Jonathan Franks said Friday night in a statement:
"The family is overjoyed.
They are asking for privacy at this time."
The court said it found no cause to prosecute Tahmooressi on charges of carrying two firearms used exclusively by the military,
possessing cartridges used exclusively by the military and carrying a firearm without a license
The court also recommended he be treated for post-traumatic stress disorder.
His mother, Jill, told CNN in May that Tahmooressi,
who served with the Marines in Afghanistan, had moved to the San Ysidro, California, area to get treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder.
"He has unresolved, or untreated PTSD,
and he cannot get the cognitive therapy behavior that veterans of America receive ... in a Mexico jail,
where there is no such thing,"
his mother told CNN earlier this year.
Since his arrest, Tahmooressi has maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border into Tijuana and accidentally crossed the border.
In an interview with CNN,
Tahmooressi described a suicide attempt with a shattered light bulb after being punched, slapped, cursed at, deprived of water and food,and shackled to a bed with a four-point restraint in a Mexican prison.
"I had one hand above my head, not both, just one,"
he told CNN.
"I was laying on a bed. ...
When I got the opportunity,
I decided to stab myself in the neck with a light bulb ...
I was paranoid.
I had been abused.
I was thinking they were going to come and abuse me more and torture me and get information about my family from me.
So I said,
'I'm not going to allow them to do that.' "
Tahmooressi said conditions improved after media coverage of his plight.
Mexican prison authorities have denied the abuse allegations.
The Richardson Center for Global Engagement said in a Facebook posting that
Bill Richardson, the former governor of New Mexico, visited Tahmooressi last week at El Hongo federal prison in Mexico and was instrumental in securing his release.
U.S. Reps. Ed Royce (R-California) and Matt Salmon (R-Arizona) issued statements thanking Mexican authorities for showing compassion.
"[Tahmooressi] is a hero who served his country bravely on the battlefields of Afghanistan,
which is why so many Americans have been focused on getting him home,"
said Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
A woman who allegedly stabbed a U.S. teacher at a mall in the United Arab Emirates committed a "personal terrorist act,"
an official told the nation's official news agency.
The official said she logged on to "terrorist websites" recently, according to the WAM news agency.
The suspect, who has not been identified, is accused of killing 47-year-old American teacher Ibolya Ryan last week in the restroom of an upscale mall in Abu Dhabi.
The accused is a female Emirati national of Yemeni descent, the UAE's Interior Ministry said.
Police say they think Ryan, who was the mother of three children, did not know the attacker.
Her death came two months after the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi issued a statement warning U.S. citizens of an anonymous Internet post
that encouraged attacks against teachers at American and other international schools.
 Woman arrested in UAE mall killing Arrest in mall attack on American teacher U.S. woman killed in UAE restroom
The embassy said it was unaware of any specific, credible threat at that time.
Veteran teacher
Ryan was born in Romania and had American and Hungarian citizenship.
She had been a teacher for 17 years, according to a Footprints Recruiting profile of her.
Last year, she began teaching in Abu Dhabi, where she lived with her children.
Before that, she taught special education in her ex-husband's native Colorado.
Surveillance video released by police shows the moments before and after the mall stabbing.
A veiled figure police identified as the attacker walks calmly through a parking lot entrance, speaks to security guards and picks up a paper before disappearing around a corner and out of sight.
The video later shows the suspect running to an elevator and leaving the mall through the same parking lot doors.
Reem Island, where the attack occurred, is a newly developed area popular with expatriates in the capital.
The motive of the killing was still unclear.
Ex-husband speaks out
Ryan's ex-husband said he was shocked by the fatal stabbing but still feels safe in the UAE.
"I'm totally horrified by what happened,"
Paul Ryan said.
"One just needs to look at the video, the images of that bathroom,
and it knocks you out. It knocks you out."
But he said UAE authorities have gone out of their way to ensure his family is taken care of and have offered to pay for his three children's education through college.
"They are treating me like family now,"
he said.
"They have expressed almost precisely in these terms,
the children will not have to worry about their education, for their entire education basically."
Ryan could ultimately have the power to commute a death sentence if the suspect is found guilty and given capital punishment.
Under UAE law, the victim's family must give their consent in order for a death sentence to be commuted.
The burden weighs heavily on him, he said.
"As far as I can tell, it seems pretty damning evidence,
and she (the suspect) confessed herself,"
Ryan said.
"Ibolya, my dear ex-wife,and I do mean that, will not have died in vain."
The German native, whose Jewish family moved to the United States before World War II, patented several video game prototypes.
The "Brown Box" would go on to become the Magnavox Odyssey, the first commercially available home gaming system.
The Odyssey was released in 1972 and ran a tennis game that predated, but was similar to Atari's Pong.
According to the Times, Baer was waiting for a friend at a bus terminal in New York City when an idea gripped him and he began scribbling on a note pad.
The idea was a "game box" that would let people to play board, action, sports and other games on most television sets.
A boss at his job gave him $2,500 and two staffers to pursue the idea.
Baer and his employer, Sanders Associates, would file for the first video-game patent in 1971.
While his console launched what would become a multi-billion-dollar industry,
his single most popular product was actually "Simon," the memory game that was released in 1978.
Simon, with four colored buttons with corresponding audio tones, became an instant best-seller. Versions of it are sold to this day.
By the time of his death, Baer had more than 150 patents.
He was awarded the National Medal of Technology in 2006, the same year he donated all of his prototypes and related documents to the Smithsonian Institute.
Baer is survived by two sons and a daughter and four grandchildren.
His wife, Dena, died in 2006.
The wife of slain South African hostage Pierre Korkie has said she chooses to forgive those who caused his death during a botched rescue attempt in Yemen.
"Today" we "are" here "to choose,"
Yolande Korkie said Tuesday.
"To choose" to forgive those that caused Pierre's death.
What will it help to accuse?
What will it help to find out what happened?
Will it bring Pierre back?
We choose to "let it go," she said.
Pierre Korkie was killed Friday in Yemen when the U.S. military launched a failed raid to rescue another hostage, American photojournalist Luke Somers, who also was killed.
Read: South African taught poor children
American killed during rescue mission Family: We didn't sign off on rescue try
Yolande Korkie said "all is God's will" as she discussed the failed U.S. military mission.
She expressed her gratitude to the United States for bringing her husband's remains home and was philosophical when asked about regrets.
"We" have lost, but one can never regret when you have lived with people that have "nothing," she said.
She also thanked South Africans for the "voice of prayer" that went up for her husband's safe release, even if those prayers were not answered in the way they and the family wanted.
Growing emotional, she said:
"I had visualized something different,
we had visualized him holding us in his arms, and hearing his soft voice.
"But this morning, when we arrived, there was immense relief that this suffering for him was finished.
We may not have him physically, but in our hearts, he will never die."
He has been an amazing husband and an amazing father to his two children, she said.
Yolande and Pierre Korkie were kidnapped in Yemen's Taiz province in May of last year, the nongovernmental organization Gift of the Givers said.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula freed Yolande Korkie in January, after negotiations with Gift of the Givers, and was to release her husband Sunday, the group said on its site.
A Korean Air executive has resigned from some of her duties after she ordered a flight to be turned around to the gate and a flight attendant off the plane
because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a plate.
Heather Cho, whose Korean name is Cho Hyun-ah, resigned Tuesday from the airline's catering and in-flight sales business,
and its cabin service and hotel business divisions, an airline spokesman said.
But she is keeping her title as a vice president of the national carrier, he said.
As for the next steps, the spokesman told CNN there is an investigation going on, so "we will have to see."
The most annoying type of airline passenger is
The incident occurred Friday at New York's JFK airport on a flight due to take off for South Korea's Incheon International Airport, outside Seoul.
Improperly served nuts force plane delay
Cho reportedly demanded that the plane go back to the gate
so the crew member who served her macadamia nuts out of a bag rather than on a plate in First Class could be kicked off the flight.
Although her role put her in charge of in-flight service,
she was only a passenger on this flight and was not flying in an official capacity.
According to South Korean news agency Yonhap, Cho is the eldest daughter of Korean Air's chairman, Cho Yang-ho.
He apologized Tuesday for any inconvenience caused to passengers and said the incident would be investigated, the news agency reported.
Korean Air also issued an apology on Heather Cho's behalf, Yonhap reported, in which she asked for forgiveness.
"I will take full responsibility for the incident and step down from my post," she is quoted as saying.
Korean Air apologized for any discomfort to those on the flight and said there had been no safety issues involved.
The plane arrived at its destination only 11 minutes behind schedule, according to Yonhap.
"Even though it was not an emergency situation, backing up the plane to order an employee to deplane was an excessive act,"
the airline said in a statement.
"We will re-educate all our employees to make sure service within the plane meets high standards."
The Korean Air pilots' union criticized the airline for its statement,
saying it was seeking to shift the blame onto the flight crew and protect the vice president.
According to her biography on the website of Nanyang Technological University, Heather Cho joined the airline in 1999 and has since been "actively involved in establishing a new corporate identity for Korean Air."
She studied at Cornell University and the University of Southern California.