$$0
It is the highest-grossing animated film of all time and one of Disney's top franchises.
It was the most downloaded movie from Apple last year, and kids everywhere are still singing the movie's anthem, "Let It Go."
Heck, it's now probably stuck in your own head right now, even if you have never seen the film.
So why has the 2013 movie stuck around for so long for the under-5 set?
Experts say it is not just because you can find images of movie's sisters on everything.
Elsa and Anna are on dresses, on scooters and, just in time for the Easter season, even on jelly beans.
To understand the psychology behind "Frozen" Mania, CNN reached out to psychologists who are sisters themselves:
Yalda Uhls is regional director for Common Sense Media. Maryam Kia-Keating is an associate professor of clinical psychology at University of California, Santa Barbara. Here is our edited conversation.
CNN: Princess movies have been around since the beginning of time, but this has really resonated.
What has made this one so unique?
Yalda Uhls: One of the things that really struck me, and I think struck little children,
is that there is a really strong intergenerational, family-themed message here. Despite the sisters Anna and Elsa being separated for so long, the story is ultimately about the bond between the two of them.
When you're little, that is your zone; that's your group; they define your world.
Highlighting that and making it feel important -- your sister, your brother, your mom and dad is something little kids can really identify with.
Maryam Kia-Keating: Kids can really understand the idea of their sister wanting to play with them,
and sometimes not, but still having a strong family bond.
Ultimately, it's about the love between the sisters. That's a message that many little children understand.
There are also good lessons about overcoming struggles and facing life challenges. But, what's interesting about preschoolers, in particular, is there's this loyalty and unrelenting interest to watch this movie over and over again.
Part of it is because it was so well done, but there are some themes that younger kids can really identify with.
My 4-year-old daughter told me that she also liked that it didn't have a witch.
I wouldn't have thought that until she said it, but it made me more thoughtful about all the other movies -- great movies -- that have scary witches and themes in them.
This was something that little kids under 5 aren't going to have nightmares about.
CNN: Why is not having a witch important to a preschooler?
Kia-Keating: When you're an adult, you've heard a lot of these stories, like "Snow White" or "Cinderella," and you forget the power they can have.
It's helpful to have a child's point of view on this.
Kids are living in this world where the line between what's real and what's not really is blurry,
and because they have such vivid imaginations, witches and monsters can feel very real.
As adults, we may see these villains or monsters as a way to tell a story or a lesson,
but when children are in the moment of being scared, they are caught up in the fear and not in finding the larger lesson.
Uhls: I used to work in the film industry, and as adults, we're told that we need conflict to drive drama.
Take Grimm's Fairy Tales; there are always dire stakes. Or movies like "Bambi" and "The Lion King," where the mother or father die.
These are serious issues and themes, and sometimes little kids aren't ready to process and understand these ideas.
CNN: What about the characters seem so easy for kids to empathize with?
Uhls: Preschooler imaginations are really strong, and so they respond really well to stories with magical realism.
In "Frozen," Princess Elsa has these powers to control ice and snow -- and that really captures kids' imaginations.
When you're small, you don't feel powerful. Everyone is always dictating what you can and cannot do.
Having a character they can empathize with that has these powers can make them feel more empowered, as well.
Kia-Keating: That magical piece is exciting and is one of the things that really sets this movie apart from others.
Another aspect that kids see themselves in Elsa and Anna is the impulsiveness.
Parents are constantly trying to teach their little ones how to self-regulate their emotions, how to behave, how to sit down.
Elsa is constantly trying to tame or control her emotions and while this is something that is salient to everyone throughout their lifetimes
this is something preschoolers deal with all the time.
CNN: The song "Let It Go": It's everywhere, and kids can't stop singing it. What is it about this anthem?
Kia-Keating: My 4-year-old came home and learned the song before we had even seen the movie.
One of the lines she and all her friends connected to was "Be the good girl that you always have to be."
And when they sing it, they wag their fingers like they do in the movie.
I think it looks a lot like something they see and hear from parents be a good girl or boy, don't do this or that so part of it is copying what they frequently hear.
But when I asked my daughter what she thought the song was about, she said it was about "Elsa being happy and free, and nobody bothering her."
That's a message that everyone wants: to be happy and free.
San Diego-based rapper Tiny Doo has already spent eight months in prison,
and faces 25 years to life in prison if convicted under a little-known California statute that makes it illegal to benefit from gang activities.
The statute in question is California Penal Code 182.5.
The code makes it a felony for anyone to participate in a criminal street gang, have knowledge that a street gang has engaged in criminal activity, or benefit from that activity.
It's that last part -- benefiting from criminal activity -- that prosecutors are going after the rapper for.
Tiny Doo, whose real name is Brandon Duncan, faces nine counts of criminal street gang conspiracy
because prosecutors allege he and 14 other alleged gang members increased their stature and respect following a rash of shootings in the city in 2013.
Prosecutors point to Tiny Doo's album, "No Safety,"
and to lyrics like "Ain't no safety on this pistol I'm holding" as examples of a "direct correlation to what the gang has been doing."
No one suggests the rapper ever actually pulled a trigger.
In fact, Duncan may rap about violence but he's got no criminal record.
Duncan told CNN's Don Lemon he's just "painting a picture of urban street life" with his lyrics.
"The studio is my canvas. I'm just painting a picture," he said. "I'm not telling anybody to go out and kill somebody."
He denied any involvement with any gang but said the prosecution has him concerned about future creative expression.
"I would love to continue to rap," he said. "But these people have you scared to do anything around here."
Prosecutors say lyrics aren't the only evidence they have. At Duncan's preliminary hearing, they presented social media posts that they say prove Duncan is still a gang member.
CNN Legal Analyst Mark Geragos says the district attorney may be trying to send a message "that you shouldn't glorify or glamorize gang activity."
"The problem is you're going to run straight head-on into the First Amendment," he said.
"If they don't have anything other than the album, this case I don't think would ever stand up."
Since then, millions of high school and college grads have heard the same zealous affirmation, a not-so-gentle reminder to live up to their potential
"KID, YOU'LL MOVE MOUNTAINS!" -- mixed with warnings about loneliness and uncertainty.
It's a children's book, as most Dr. Seuss books are, but its messages have resonated through a quarter-century because adults love it too,
said Philip Nel, director of the program in children's literature at Kansas State University.
Children's books "possess an enormous amount of wisdom for the adults mature enough to recognize it," he said.
Here are a few facts about "Oh, The Places You'll Go!" and its legacy.
Dr. Seuss knew it would be the last book he published
Geisel was writing and illustrating "Oh, The Places You'll Go!" in the final years of his life, as he battled cancer.
Other Seuss books have emerged since his death in 1991, but this was the last he had a hand in.
"It was his swan song, and he knew it was his swan song," Nel said.
"It's a career summation in a lot of ways, both visually and morally, in the messages and the images."
Though it presents plenty of Seussian optimism -- "And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed.)"
it references dark times and stumbles: "I'm afraid that some times you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you."
Geisel wrote from experience. After a successful career in advertising, his first book, "And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street," was famously rejected multiple times.
Some projects in print and on screen simply never took off. In his personal life, he faced illness and the suicide of his first wife.
"The darkness of the book is what makes the optimism credible," Nel said.
Geisel was known to be shy but would be "tickled" to know that his words still have meaning now, said Susan Brandt, president of licensing and marketing at Dr.
Seuss Enterprises. He was deliberate about what his last words to the world would be.
"You can feel him saying, 'Wait, I have one more thing to say,' " she said. " 'Listen to me; this is important.' "
It's the top-selling Dr. Seuss book
"Oh, The Places You'll Go!" rose to the bestseller list shortly after it was released in 1990 and continues to pop up there most every spring, as high school and college grads transition to a new phase of life.
Twenty-five years and more than 10 million copies later, it's the top-selling Dr. Seuss book.
The company it keeps at the top? Beloved early-reading books like "Green Eggs and Ham" and "The Cat in the Hat," perennial holiday read "How the Grinch Stole Christmas!" and books with a message -- and a movie -- like "The Lorax" and "Horton Hears a Who!"
Its success isn't exactly a surprise, said Mallory Loehr, vice president and publisher of Random House Children's Books.
It was published the year she began her career at Random House, and she remember the buzz around the book even then.
"People knew it was special (in 1990)," Loehr said. "But 10 million is crazy."
The main character is You -- and you, and you, and you
Passages in "The Cat in the Hat" and "The Lorax" both slip into the second-person to make a point to readers,
but Geisel made the main character of "Oh, The Places You'll Go!" a person called You, who conveniently happens to be, well, you.
"That makes the book about the reader and puts the reader in the position of the character," Nel said.
"It's a motivator. See yourself as the character; take action."
Dr. Seuss had already been a major player in children's literature for decades, but this was an early entry into a burgeoning category:
children's stories that appeal to adults, Loehr said.
"This is almost a self-help book. People forget that it has pages that really acknowledge that things will be tough some times," she said.
"Sit down; read this book. It will be OK."
As Geisel himself put it, "I never write for children. I write for people."
The number of "Places You'll Go" is growing
What started as a beloved graduation gift has spread into sort of an all-purpose greeting card, shared with a personal inscriptions during any period of transition, from baby showers to big moves.
This month, Random House will publish a 25th anniversary edition of "Oh! The Places You'll Go!" This year, it will release a baby-fied version,
"Oh, Baby, the Places You'll Go!" and a full-color journal filled with quotes from the book.
On March 2, Geisel's birthday, Dr. Seuss Enterprises will launch KidsMovingMountains.com, which calls for children age 5 to 18 to share stories of how they're "moving mountains" in science, technology, engineering, arts and math.
They'll award scholarships and trips to some top students.
There's never been a film version, but Kansas State University's Nel said Geisel hoped there would be an adaptation -- maybe something "famous as famous can be, with the whole wide world watching you win on TV."
For his part, Nel said, it's a remarkable book, but he hasn't given it as a graduation gift.
"It's not that it's not good," Nel said. "It's that everybody I would give it to, someone has has already given it to them.
$$2
For the 10th year running, European champion Real Madrid is the world's richest club in the annual Football Money League published by accountants Deloitte, with a revenue of $639 million.
Money clearly talks in European football with the combined revenues of the top 20 clubs in the rich list rising by a staggering 14% over the last year to $7 billion.
All of the top five clubs for the 2013-14 financial year saw their revenue surpass the $500-million mark for the first time on a list dominated by the English Premier League, home to five of this year's top 10 and eight of the 20-strong list.
As a result of the latest Premier League broadcast rights deal, all of its teams have made it into the world's top 40 highest-earning clubs.
This year is the 18th running of Deloitte's Money League, which has been dominated by Real for a decade, although Manchester United catapulted past both Barcelona ($563.5 million) and Bayern Munich ($566.8 million) to move into second place with revenues of $602.3 million, a hike in revenue of some $110 million.
United has been below par on the pitch in recent times, under former manager David Moyes and his successor Louis van Gaal, but figures show an 83% growth in commercial revenue over the last three years
That said, United is expected to slide in next year's Money League having missed out on Champions League revenues in this current season.
Of the clubs on the list only United's "noisy neighbors" Manchester City -- as Alex Ferguson once described them -- enjoyed a greater spike in year-on-year revenue, with a $114 million rise from 2012-13 to cement their place in sixth on the list.
"The growth experienced within the top 20 has been remarkable," said Dan Jones, partner in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte.
"Commercial and broadcast revenues are now more important than ever to clubs to enable them to compete financially and put the best talent on the pitch.
"This has led to further dominance from the 'big five' European leagues -- England, Germany, Spain, Italy and France -- this year, with just Turkey's Galatasaray making it in from outside of those countries.
"Winning the Champions League for an unprecedented 10th time and staying at the top of the Money League made 2013-14 the year of the 'Doble D¨¦cima' for Real Madrid.
"The club's continued success on the field is complemented by its financial strength and their accomplishment emphasizes their position as the most successful European club side of all time.
However, their commercial supremacy is being challenged by Manchester United among others."
Barcelona's revenue plateaued last year, seeing them drop from second spot behind arch-rival Real to fourth below Manchester United and Bayern.
Paris Saint-Germain completes the top five while Juventus, in 10th, is the only side from Italy's Serie A to make the top 10, with Premier League sides Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool rounding off the top clubs in seventh, eighth and ninth respectively in revenue terms.
He reached the Wimbledon final -- taking the world No. 1 Novak Djokovic to five sets -- and ended the campaign by helping Switzerland to a maiden Davis Cup title.
But did all the tennis last year cost Federer -- and his 33-year-old body -- at the Australian Open this year?
Was it a hand injury that he sustained earlier this week? Or was his opponent simply too good?
No matter what the potential reasons, the end result is that Federer will have to wait for a record-extending 18th grand slam title after he lost to Andreas Seppi 6-4 7-6 (5) 4-6 7-6 (5) in the third round in Melbourne on Friday.
There were no such troubles for Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray and Maria Sharapova.
That Seppi was the man who knocked out Federer was a surprise -- in their 10 previous matches, the Italian had never won. He had claimed just one set.
And against tennis' big three of Federer, Djokovic and Nadal, Seppi owned a dismal 1-25 record.
But the world No. 46 played one of his best matches, crucially not crumbling when the finish line was in sight.
Federer's quest for a missing title 06:11
Instead it was Federer who blinked in the fourth-set tiebreak.
He led 3-1 only to double fault at 3-2.
Then leading 5-4, Federer made a costly backhand unforced error.
Federer rued missed opportunities in the second set tiebreak, too, when Seppi was there for the taking.
"It just broke me to lose that second set," Federer told reporters. "And actually the fourth, I should win it, too.
Just a brutal couple of sets to lose there."
Seppi completed the upset in stunning fashion, scrambling before hitting an instinctive forehand passing shot winner down the line.
"For sure it was one of the important shots of my life," said Seppi.
Federer thus exited, despite winning more points in the match overall, 145 to 144.
"I felt for some reason yesterday and this morning it was not going to be very simple today," Federer said. "Even in practice I still felt the same way.
"I was just hoping it was one of those feelings you sometimes have and it's totally not true and you just come out and you play a routine match.
I was aware of the test and was well prepared.
"Just somehow couldn't play my best tennis today.
It was definitely partially because of Andreas playing very well."
Perhaps the warning signs were there from his previous round.
Federer lost a set in the second round to Seppi's fellow Italian, Simone Bolelli.
He -- and this is rare for Federer -- called for the trainer to address an issue with his hand.
Federer thought he might have been stung by a bee.
He didn't mention the hand or any other physical issue in his briefing with reporters.
Federer also defended his decision to play exhibition matches in India in December during tennis' notoriously short off-season.
"I wanted to go to India," said Federer.
"I wanted to go back to Switzerland for Christmas. I practiced as hard as I possibly could.
"Can't do more than that.
Sure, the year ended late, but one week later than normal.
At the end of the day, honestly I'm confident that what I did was the right thing."
Federer's exit means Murray's path to the semifinals has become significantly easier.
The two-time grand slam champion and Federer were, on paper, due to meet in the quarterfinals.
While Federer was sent packing, Murray easily dispatched Portugal's Joao Sousa 6-1 6-1 7-5.
Murray's performance wasn't the only topic of conversation during his press conference, though.
A particular tweet was mentioned, too.
"Having moved back and forth between the two sports myself, I know the potential these guys have for success in T20 cricket," says Fountain.
"I was the first to introduce baseball fielding techniques to international cricket, because a major league outfielder will out-throw a professional cricketer every time.
This is a sport that Americans can do well at."
Minor leaguer Boomer Collins has been chasing the dream of the big leagues since he was a boy.
His looks, his build, the way he talks and even his name are as near to the definition of an American ballplayer as you're going to get.
But beyond the square jaw and the all-state honors as both outfielder and quarterback, there's one thing that makes him different to every other guy out there on the diamond.
He wants to be the greatest cricket player the world has ever seen.
Thomas Collins III got the nickname "Boomer" thanks to the tornado crashing past the Texas hospital where he was born in June 1989.
A couple of decades later and his .374 batting average, with 13 home runs in 60 junior-year games at Dallas Baptist, saw him eventually signed by the Blue Jays.
His story since then is depressingly similar to thousands like him, becalmed in the minor leagues on a poverty-line salary of $1,200 a month.
"I'm always an optimist.
I'm 25 years old.
This year will probably prove a lot.
I want to make the big leagues and I'm going to work my butt off until it happens or doesn't happen," Collins said in his break between working an eight-hour milk delivery shift and a full afternoon of offseason training.
Collins is one of the first signups to Switch Hit 20, and talks with surprising enthusiasm about a sport he has only seen on YouTube links sent to him by Fountain.
Cricket's revolution 11 years ago into Twenty20 or T20 -- with games taking three hours instead of five days -- has seen sleepy spectators replaced with raucous crowds, batters swinging for the fences instead of blocking balls, cheerleaders on the sidelines, and the creation of new competitions.
The annual Indian Premier League, for instance, awards the best players seven-figure contracts for a season lasting just eight weeks.
Collins hopes it can save him from 3.45am wakeup calls and the end of his athletic career, but believes he has something to contribute as well.
"I've always wanted to do something to change the world -- something that I can put my stamp on," he says.
"Jackie Robinson did it for African-Americans in baseball.
We can do it for Americans in cricket.
"The athleticism that Americans can bring to the table could revolutionize the game of cricket even more to become a bigger, faster, stronger sport.
"Look at soccer now.
That all came from American players making a stand in what was a minority sport over here.
"If you would've said 'soccer' about five years ago people would've said, "Get outta here, man".
Now everyone's watching the World Cup."
Another player hoping to break the mold is middle infielder Jordan Dean, a 24-year-old drafted by the Tigers in 2012 but now with Illinois independents the Schaumburg Boomers -- and studying for an M.B.A. as a Plan B.
"A lot of us guys in the minor leagues have to take the decision -- are my legs going to hold up, or my bank account, and which is going to go first?" Dean says.
"In my case it'll be the bank account, because I know that otherwise I'll never be ready to finish playing ball.
"I've talked to my girlfriend about the cricket thing.
We'd go through about five or 10 minutes thinking how amazing it would be, traveling the world playing sport. Then it would be, 'What the hell am I saying?' It's ping-pong in my brain."
For Fountain, the endgame goes beyond getting his players a T20 contract.
"I want to inject enough talent into USA cricket, to see it bounce back up the rankings.
I want to coach a USA team at a World Cup."
A team already exists, but he believes replacing its largely ex-pat spine with American baseball talent is the only way it can join the elite.
"Wearing a jersey with the flag on the front and your name on the back is huge for any American," says Dean.
But Fountain has also let his early sign ups know that there are a few things to iron out before he can start printing jerseys.
"I'm aiming for tryouts in the spring, so the guys who are already with teams, or trying out for teams can also come and try out for me," says Fountain.
"Sponsorship is crucial.
We're in talks with some interested parties but even if companies like Greyhound can lay on some tickets to get these players to the tryout, that would help.
"I've wanted to do this for years -- I talked to some TV companies about a reality TV show back in 2010 and I hope it could still be a part of it."
Brenden Kalfus, 23, was another earning in the region of $14,000 a year with a Blue Jays affiliate before they let him go this past season.
"I think if we all started playing cricket, I don't think the expectation would be that we're going to be stars and make millions," he says.
"It would just be great to be the first to bring it out to America. Then see where it goes after that."
If the project stalls, Boomer Collins is prepared to go it alone.
"The whole thing with me is that whatever happens, I still want to go overseas and try because I have got that excitement so high," he says.
"I still want to go and train with Julien to try it out myself. If we can work out a living situation with food, I would do it in a heartbeat.
I don't have to have some sort of income, just as long as me and my wife have food and a place to stay.
"I know that I'm not going to be the best in the world in the first five years of playing the sport.
But I'm also never going to go in and say, 'I'll just be OK.'
"I'm going to go and try and be the best cricket player in the world."
Fountain says it will take less time than Collins thinks.
"These guys have the potential to take the world of T20 cricket by storm," he said.
"For the last few years you have heard cricket announcers use the phrase, 'That was a real baseball shot.'
"Well now you will be able to see those so-called baseball shots executed by guys who really can hit a ball 400 feet -- with a bat whose hitting area is a fraction of the width of a cricket bat."
$$3
U.S. President Barack Obama will travel to Saudi Arabia on Tuesday in order to meet the newly appointed monarch, King Salman, and pay his respects to the family of the late King Abdullah, the White House said Saturday.
Vice President Joe Biden was originally set to have led a delegation to Saudi Arabia on Obama's behalf.
However, the schedule for the President's departure from India has been adjusted to allow Obama to stop in Riyadh himself on his way home, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said.
Funeral services were held Friday for King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud, who died earlier that day.
He was 90.
World leaders are now traveling to the Saudi capital, Riyadh, to offer condolences for Abdullah's death and pay their respects to the new ruler.
Abdullah was seen by many as a cautious reformer who succeeded in securing broader freedoms in the conservative kingdom, but fell short in gaining greater independence for women.
King Abdullah's legacy: 5 things to know
His successor, who is 79, faces a number of challenges as he takes up the reins, including Iran, the rise of ISIS, the crisis in neighboring Yemen and the drop in oil prices.
But Salman has plenty of experience to draw on, having served as defense minister and deputy prime minister of Saudi Arabia, a vital U.S. ally in the Middle East.
Like Abdullah, he is one of the dozens of sons of Saudi Arabia's founder, King Abdulaziz.
Obama is due to arrive in New Delhi on Sunday, on a trip intended to foster progress in sometimes thorny U.S.-India ties.
On Monday, he will become the first American president to headline India's Republic Day parade, standing beside Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Why Obama's trip to my homeland is meaningful
Earnest said Obama's schedule had been changed in coordination with the Indian government and that he would now be leaving India after giving a speech on Tuesday.
"The President regrets that he will be unable to visit Agra during this trip," Earnest said.
Agra is where the spectacular Taj Mahal mausoleum is located.
Biden will now remain in Washington rather than go to Saudi Arabia.
Although no reason for the change of plan was given, it follows criticism this month of the Obama administration for its failure to send a senior representative to France for a huge unity march held in the wake of the Paris terror attacks.
The administration admitted it erred and dispatched U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to Paris the following week to offer the United States' support and condolences.
Speaking to CNN's Richard Quest in Davos, Switzerland, on Friday, Kerry said he expects no changes in his government's relations with Saudi Arabia with the change of kings.
"I don't anticipate anything based on the conversation we have had, no," he said.
Jordan's King Abdullah and Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi both left Davos early to attend the funeral on Friday.
In line with custom, Abdullah was laid to rest in an unmarked grave in a brief and simple ceremony after funeral prayers in Riyadh's Imam Turki Bin Abdullah Grand Mosque.
Finally, something went right for the United States in the Middle East.
Relief is palpable in Washington over the well-planned and seamlessly executed transfer of Saudi Arabia's throne to King Salman bin Abdulaziz, 79, following the death of his 90-year-old half brother King Abdullah.
The kingdom, despite signaling rare public dissent with the Obama administration over Iran and the Arab Spring, is a fulcrum of U.S. diplomacy in a region where Washington is struggling to adapt to dissolving national borders, chaotic change and sectarian carnage.
Never mind that the U.S. is the world's foremost democracy and the transfer of power in Saudi Arabia was from one autocrat to the next.
Saudi Arabia is crucial to U.S. goals on counter-terrorism, the campaign against ISIS and Al-Qaeda, the free flow of energy that sustains the global economy, as a counter-balance to Iran and as a sponsor of the long frustrated quest for peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
In a sign of the kingdom's importance to the United States, President Barack Obama made hurried plans to call in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday after his trip to India to pay his respects to Abdullah and his family and to meet with King Salman. Originally, Vice President Joe Biden was to have made the trip.
The message from Washington is clearly : Long live the new king.
The regal choreography in Riyadh is especially welcome to the White House as it contrasts with events just across the border in Yemen,
another key ally where a US-backed government crucial to its anti-terror campaign has just been toppled to rebels supported by Iran.
Saudi Arabia&#39;s King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud speaks at his private residence in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in June.
The King has died, according to an announcement on Saudi state TV. He was 90.
James B. Smith, who served as U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia between 2009 and 2013, said there should be no concern in the administration that Salman's ascension will jeopardize U.S. relations with the deeply conservative kingdom.
We know Salman well, he was governor of Riyadh for the better part of 50 years, he is well known to the US government.
I see no break in the U.S.-Saudi relationship," Smith said.
Salman vowed just hours after the death of Abdullah, that the kingdom "would continue adhering to the correct policies which Saudi Arabia has followed since its establishment."
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said that the allies had a "long history of cooperation.
We don't have any indication that that cooperation will change."
Saudi watchers in Washington were impressed and reassured by the line of succession outlined by Salman in an apparent effort to solve a dynastic riddle and send a signal of continuity to the outside world.
He named Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, one of scores of posssible candidates, as deputy crown prince, a move which puts him second in line to the throne and establishes a future transfer of power from the sons of the founder of Saudi Arabia,
King Abdulaziz Ibn Saud, who have ruled the country since the 1950s, to a new generation.
"I think for the near term, continuity is going to be the centerpiece here," said Daniel Benjamin, a former coordinator for counter-terrorism at the State Department, now at Dartmouth College, told CNN.
"There is now a member of the generation of the grandchildren who is second in line, he is a very close friend of the United States
so I think there is a lot of hope the relationship will stay on an even keel."
Prince Mohammed, now behind the King's brother Prince Muqrin, 69, in the line of succession, is a frequent visitor to the United States and has presided over Saudi Arabia's anti-terrorism program.
He narrowly escaped an assassination bid by Al-Qaeda in 2009.
The succession plan was viewed as particularly important following unconfirmed reports that Salman has been in ill health himself, apparently having suffered a stroke.
Tom Donilon, pointman for US relations with Saudi Arabia when he was Obama's National Security Advisor, praised Abdullah as a "solid" ally who had ensured two decades of stability in the kingdom.
He also said that the late King's survivors had done a "pretty effective job of indicating stability with a quick annoncement with repect to succession, continuity of policy."
He told "The Lead" with CNN's Jake Tapper that Mohammad, known as MBN in the United States was "a very, very competent person who is essential in terms of our joint efforts to combat terrorists."
Though there is relief at the apparent stability in Riyadh, relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia in recent years have have often been troubled.
There was a tense period a decade ago, after it emerged that 15 of the 19 hijackers involved in the September 11 attacks originated from Saudi Arabia.
Critics, including some in the U.S. government, faulted Saudis for backing jihadists movements throughout the region for geopolitical reasons.
The Saudi government has also balked at U.S. criticisms of its human rights record and political system.
More recently, Saudi Arabia, the key Sunni power in the Middle East, has not hesitated to make clear its concern about Obama's quest to improve relations with its mighty Shia foe Iran, with which it is fighting various proxy struggles.
Saudi leaders were dismayed to learn about a secret backchannel of talks between the administration and Iran which built on the election of "moderate" Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in 2013 to launch an effort at rapprochment between Tehran and Washington.
'"I think that the concern remains among the Saudi leadership about an agreement that is going to be at their expense,"
said David Ottaway, an author on Saudi Arabia and senior scholar at the Wilson Center.
Some analysts believe that the Saudi government could react to what it would see as a bad nuclear deal between world powers and Iran
 which left the Islamic Republic with some capacity to enrich uranium or produce plutonium -- by looking to find its own nuclear capability -- perhaps with assistance from Pakistan.
Saudi princes took to the op-ed pages of US newspapers in 2013 in a highly unusual move to complain that a nuclear deal was a "dangerous gamble."
The Saudi government also made clear its deep anger with Obama's last-minute decision not to launch planned air strikes on Syria to punish the Bashar al-Assad regime's use of chemical weapons the same year.
Saudi Arabia has also been frustrated at how long it has taken the United States to begin training opposition fighters in Syria.
The Saudi government also registered anger at the Obama administration's embrace of Arab Spring uprisings, which led to the ouster of allies like Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
Obama appeared to make an oblique reference to those differences in a statement honoring Abdullah on Thursday as a "steadfast and passionate" believer in US-Saudi relations as a force for stability.
"As a leader, he was always candid and had the courage of his convictions," Obama wrote.
In recent years, the Obama administration has attempted to assuage Saudi fears.
The US president made a visit to Riyadh last year, on a trip that was widely seen as an attempt to mend fences.
Saudi Arabian pilots, reportedly including one of Salman's sons, Prince Khaled, helped carry out the first air attacks on ISIS in Syria last year.
Saudi Arabia also approved of Secretary of State John Kerry's exhaustive but ultimately futile efforts to keep Israel and the Palestinians talking.
And White House spokesman Josh Earnest said that an underpinning of those efforts, an Arab Peace Plan framed by Abdullah would stand as his lasting memorial.
Smith said that the relationship between Riyadh and Washington was now better than it had been earlier in the administration.
"A key element of our relationship with the Saudis over the years has been transparency, not always in public but we have done a good job in talking to each other," he said.
"When you leave your allies out of the conversation and they don't understand your negotiating position or don't understand how you are going to enforce an agreement.
they are left to their own conclusions.
"I think we are doing a lot better at that."
At least 30 people, including two children, have been killed in shelling in the southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol, city officials said Saturday, in the latest violence to rock the disputed Donetsk region.
Another 102 people were injured, at least 75 of whom needed hospital treatment, and many suffered shrapnel injuries, Mariupol City Council said.
Pro-Russian separatists are blamed for the attack on residential areas in the port city, Donetsk regional police chief Vyacheslav Abroskin said on his Facebook page.
The Interior Ministry said one person was arrested in connection with the attack.
Based on preliminary assessments, the shells were fired from Grad rocket systems, a statement from Mariupol City Council said.
The statement also said the situation was under control, and urged residents not to panic but to rely on information from official sources only.
Monitors with the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said they conducted a crater analysis which showed the use of Grad and Uragan rockets that likely originated from areas controlled by the pro-Russian rebel group Donetsk People's Republic (DPR).
The shelling comes amid a surge in fighting between government forces and pro-Russian separatists.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry warned of increased international pressure on Russia.
"We call on Russia to end its support for separatists immediately, close the international border with Ukraine, and withdraw all weapons, fighters and financial backing," Kerry said in a statement.
The White House says Vice President Biden spoke with Ukraine President Poroshenko on Saturday.
They "expressed grave concern over Russia's blatant disregard for its commitments under the September Minsk agreement and unilateral escalation of the conflict," the White House said.
The two leaders vowed to "ensure that the costs continue to rise on Russia for its aggressive actions against Ukraine."
Thousands have been killed since the conflict broke out in the spring of last year and a ceasefire agreed to in September in Minsk, Belarus, crumbled long ago.
$$4
Mark Griffiths is a Chartered Psychologist and Director of the International Gaming Research Unit at Nottingham Trent University (UK).
His latest book published in January 2015 (written with Dr. Daria Kuss) is "Internet Addiction in Psychotherapy" (Palgrave Press).
The views expressed in this commentary are solely the author's.
Earlier this month, a 32-year old male gamer was found dead at a Taiwanese Internet cafe following a non-stop three-day gaming session.
This followed the death of another male gamer who died in Taipei at the start of the year following a five-day gaming binge.
While these cases are extremely rare, it does beg the question of why gaming can lead to such excessive behavior.
I have spent nearly three decades studying videogame addiction and there are many studies published in both the medical and psychological literature showing that very excessive gaming can lead to a variety of health problems that range from repetitive strain injuries and obesity, through to auditory and visual hallucinations and addiction.
I have to stress that there is lots of scientific research showing the many educational and therapeutic benefits of playing but there is definitely a small minority of gamers that develop problems as a result of gaming overuse.
But what is it that makes gaming so compulsive and addictive for the small minority?
For me, addiction boils down to constant reinforcement, or put more simply, being constantly rewarded while playing the game.
Gaming rewards can be physiological (such as feeling "high" or getting a "buzz" while playing or beating your personal high score), psychological (such as feeling you have complete control in a specific situation or knowing that your strategic play helped you win), social (such as being congratulated by fellow gamers when doing something well in the game) and, in some cases, financial (such as winning a gaming tournament).
Most of these rewards are -- at least to some extent -- unpredictable.
Not knowing when the next reward will come keeps some players in the game. In short, they carry on gaming even though they may not have received an immediate reward.
They simply hope that another reward is "just around the corner" and keep on playing.
Added to this is the shift over the last decade from standalone console gaming to massively multiplayer online games where games never end and gamers have to compete and/or collaborate with other gamers in real time (instead of being able to pause the game and come back and play from the point at which the player left it).
Many excessive gamers report that they hate logging off and leaving such games.
They don't like it as they don't know what is going on in the game when they are not online.
The last five years has seen large increase in the number of scientific studies on problematic gaming.
In May 2013, the American Psychiatric Association published the fifth edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders"(DSM-5).
For the first time, the DSM-5 included "internet gaming disorder" (IGD) as a psychological condition that warrants future research.
Throughout my research career I have argued that although all addictions have particular and idiosyncratic characteristics, they share more commonalities than differences such as total preoccupation, mood modification, cravings, tolerance, withdrawal symptoms, conflict with work, education and other people, and loss of control.
These similarities likely reflect a common etiology of addictive behavior.
At the simplest level, healthy enthusiasms add to life and addictions take away from it.
So when does a healthy enthusiasm turn into an addiction? At the simplest level, healthy enthusiasms add to life and addictions take away from it.
But how much is too much? This is difficult to answer as I know many gamers who play many hours every day without any detrimental effects.
The DSM-5 lists nine criteria for IGD.
The good news is that only a small minority of gamers suffer form IGD. Most online games are fun and exciting to play.
But like any activity that is taken to excess, in a minority of cases the activity can become addictive.
Any activity if done for days on end could lead to severe health problems and even death -- and gaming is no exception.
Instead of demonizing games, we need to educate gamers about the potential dangers of very excessive use.
Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30) just patented a way to make your phone less noticeable and disruptive when you're in certain environments (Microsoft calls it "inconspicuous mode").
You can use it at a movie theater, a dinner date or at home about to go to bed.
The U.S. government awarded Microsoft the patent on Thursday.
The award was first noticed by Patent Yogi, an Indian consulting firm.
It's all based on the notion that your phone can annoy the person next to you -- especially if you're in a dark, quiet place.
Incoming message? Need to check the time?
Got an unstoppable itch to check Instagram? You're about to bathe your neighbors in a monstrously bright light and set off a chain of irksome bleeps.
In "inconspicuous mode," sounds are gone, and the screen is a faint glow.
Notifications don't show up on the home screen.
The time is displayed in large numbers that are easier to glace at.
In Microsoft's description, you could tailor the "inconspicuous" display any way you like.
Maybe it only shows text messages.
Or it dims more than normal.
But the key feature is that it would be automatic. It would go into this mode if your phone's GPS detects you're at the location of a movie theater.
Or if a restaurant's or stage theater's Wi-Fi or Bluetooth beacons tell it to.
Or if your phone's light sensor detects darkness while the microphone also detects silence (like just before a movie starts playing).
To figure this out, the phone could even tap your calendar or your recent mobile payments.
If you bought event tickets at the counter using tap-to-pay technology, your phone would know when to go quiet.
If this gets popular, venues will probably be quick to embrace it.
Mobile phone use in theaters is so pervasive nowadays that brief "please silence your phones" requests are now full-blown, pre-movie short films.
And every performance by the New York Philharmonic is preceded by a 30-second, pre-recorded plea by Alec Baldwin. It's downright embarrassing.
And no, theaters aren't going to start hijacking your phones.
Microsoft's careful wording in its patent application shows that users retain control.
"The mobile communication device can exit the inconspicuous mode and return to the normal mode upon the user's request," it says.
In this case, it was a 3-D game of Minecraft taking place, on, over, under, behind and inside real furniture and walls.
As you move your head and body around, the illusion moves completely with you in 3-D, remarkably affixed to the real world objects.
Microsoft previewed the brand new piece of hardware on Wednesday.
HoloLens is Microsoft's foray into the virtual reality market. In its unique spin on VR, Microsoft has developed goggles that offer an augmented -- or "mixed" -- reality experience.
Unlike Facebook's (FB, Tech30) Oculus Rift, which completely blocks out the outside world to fully immerse the wearer in another reality, HoloLens keeps one foot (and both eyes) firmly planted in the real world.
The lenses of the goggles are transparent, your view of the space around you only selectively blocked by digital images that can mingle with real objects.
For example, an interior designer can move around a real room and rearrange 3-D pieces of furniture too see how they will look, even placing a virtual vase on a real shelf.
To manipulate something in the HoloLens world, you use hand gestures, which are picked up by cameras on the front of the device.
The single wiggle of an index finger can drop a flag on the surface of Mars or select a color for your 3-D sculpture.
The cursor is always at the center of your view, moving when you move your head.
Microphones pick up voice commands that bring up menus.
The goggles are wireless and don't need to be tethered to any device, so while they're meant for home or office use, they wearer is able to roam freely.
The speakers play "spacial" sound, so a noise might seem like it's coming from behind or beside you, adding to the virtual reality experience.
Related: Microsoft's insane holographic vision of the future
After an on-stage demonstration of the sleek, wraparound black glasses, Microsoft gave reporters four hands-on demos of the device at its Redmond, Washington headquarters.
(Notably, the goggles I tested were not the finished product Microsoft demonstrated on stage -- they had jumbles of exposed electronic elements connected to a box that hung around my neck).
The demonstration scenarios attempted to show real examples of practical uses for the technology.
Gamers tend to be enthusiastic early adopters of experimental immersive technology, and the stunning Minecraft demo seemed like the most natural and realistic use case.
I do not usually play Minecraft but would absolutely start, and maybe forget to stop, if I had a HoloLens.
On Microsoft's HoloLens augmented reality goggles, you can play Minecraft in the real world.
A Skype call demo was to walk me through fixing a broken light.
The person on the other end of the call could see what I saw (real wires, tools, a hole in the wall) and could annotate my view with colorful lines and arrows.
She even doodled a little diagram on a patch of blank wall.
Remote customer support is a commonly imagined use for smart glasses, including Google Glass.
While a neat thing to have, it's nothing a phone or PC running video chat wouldn't be able to accomplish.
HoloStudio is a creative app that is designed for anyone to easily tinker with, like a beefed up MS Paint.
A palette of colors and shapes floats in front of the artist who can create simple or complex 3-D models.
Final designs can be ordered online, and a printed version of your 3-D purple skyscraper will be delivered to your door.
At NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, scientists regularly dig through images of Mars collected by the Curiosity Rover.
They've collaborated with Microsoft to create a program that places them inside a 3-D rendering of Mars using HoloLens.
Whether you look up or down, turn left or right, or walk forward or back, the landscape shifts accordingly so you feel like you're taking a stroll on the red planet.
The Mars demo was one of the few times I wished I was using full virtual reality goggles.
They had reasons for wanted to keep reality involved -- JPL scientists are working not playing, and they need to use other tools like computers at the same time.
But as impressive as it was, the mixed-reality version of Mars looked thin and desaturated.
Full and partial virtual reality look different because of the underlying technology.
HoloLens doesn't display images on any screen, but projects light directly onto the retina, imitating the way light travels from real objects.
The augmented view is contained in a rectangle directly in front of your face. Oculus Rift shows its images on a screen in front of the eyes and extends farther out and around for a more encompassing view.
The virtual reality space is still mostly filled with buzz and not-ready-for-prime-time products.
But VR has been anointed the next big thing by a tech industry hungry for something fresh and exciting to woo customers.
Overlaying digital 3-D creations onto the real world is cool, but are there practical uses are there for this type of technology?
Microsoft hopes so.
HoloLens was by far the most interesting announcement at a daylong event for Windows 10, and one Microsoft believes can help get customers excited about its products again.
$$6
The bragging war between two of the world's busiest airports just got more intense.
For the first time in a decade, Chicago's O'Hare topped Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson in total flights by more than 13,000, according to new stats from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration.
The score for 2014: Chicago, 881,933; Atlanta, 868,359.
Hey, this is important.
It's about who's No. 1. 
It's about bragging rights.
"Chicago reclaims its place" as the "world's busiest airport," Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement Thursday, crediting new airline routes, newly relocated businesses and the city's strong economy.
But Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson remains No. 1 in annual passenger traffic. 
Spokesman Reese McCranie said the airport is projected to top 96 million passengers for 2014, compared with O'Hare, which handled 66.7 million in 2013.
That put O'Hare in fifth place globally for passengers.
"With our friends in Chicago, it's always a little bit of friendly rivalry," McCranie said.
"Our operations folks are probably getting ribbed by their operations folks for edging us out.
But you know, we're all one aviation system, so when O'Hare does well, other airports -- including ours -- do well."
"Yavash, yavash," the small, gray-haired doctor says, leaning across from the passenger seat to put a hand on his friend's shoulder, imploring him to slow down the black Toyota as we approach another hairpin bend in the dusty road.
The driver cheerfully ignores the doctor's pleas and continues to take the corners at a clip, smoking all the while and occasionally breaking into wailed bursts of Kurdish folk song.
We're traveling from Sanandaj, the capital of Iran's Kurdistan province, to Marivan, a small city just a few kilometers from the border with Iraq.
It's the final day of Nowruz, the Iranian new year, and my companions, a doctor called Ghaffar and a taxi driver named Jahan -- both from Sanandaj -- are still on holiday.
In a typical display of Iranian hospitality, they've offered to accompany me on the journey.
To the left of the narrow road is a vertical, sand-colored mountain wall.
To the right, a 50-foot drop and a view across the spectacular Howraman Valley, a sparsely populated and beautiful part of the region.
On the eastern edge of Iran, Kurdistan province makes up part of a broader Kurdish region, which also spans adjacent sections of Iraq, Syria and Turkey.
Over the border in Iraq, the territory has been targeted by the Islamic militant group known as ISIS, but Iranian Kurdistan remains unaffected, a peaceful world away from the violence.
It also seems a world away from Iran.
Although we're still within Iran's borders, the Kurdistan region is quite different, and more traditionally Persian compared to the country's heartland.
Colorful dress, religions at odds
Culturally and linguistically, the residents here have more in common with their fellow Kurds across the border than with Iranians from Tehran, Esfahan or Shiraz.
Dress is traditional: men sport baggy shalwar trousers, plain shirts and heavy felt waistcoats, while the women wear colorful dresses and headscarves rather than the black chador or hijab seen throughout much of the rest of Iran.
On the way, we stop in a tiny village called Negel.
The mosque in the village is home to large, handwritten Quran said to be about 1,300 years old.
The mosque's facade carries an inscription naming Abu Bakr the first caliph and, according to Sunni Muslims, the rightful successor of the prophet Mohammed.
Although most Iranians are Shia Muslims, the Kurds are predominantly Sunni and this has often put them at odds with the Iranian government.
A few days earlier, a Kurdish man in Sanandaj had told me that police had forcibly removed a satellite dish from his roof to prevent him receiving Kurdish television channels.
Another had pointed at a photo of a Shia cleric in my guidebook and shaken his head, saying "Not good, not good."
After Negel, the road winds through snow-capped mountains and then drops down into the village of Howraman-at-Takht.
Here the houses are built into the steep hillside, with the roof of one doubling as a porch area for the building behind it. Large blue or green latticed windows face out over the valley. Children chase each other around the streets.
Wandering down the hillside, we stop near a stream to drink tea bought from a small shop.
As in other parts of Iran, people don't sweeten their tea directly, preferring to place a sugar cube between their front teeth and then sucking the tea through the sugar.
The teashop owner asks me where I come from: "Russ-stan, French-stan?" he guesses.
I tell him "England-stan" and he smiles.
As we drink the tea, an elderly man walks to the edge of the stream, removes his shoes and socks, rolls up his trousers and wades out to a large, flat rock in the stream.
He washes his hands, feet and head and then begins his afternoon prayers, in turn standing, kneeling and then pressing his forehead to the rock.
Once he's finished he carefully negotiates the way back and dries his feet with a cloth.
As we continue the journey, the doctor takes over the driving and progress is slower, but the hairpin bends are no longer quite so terrifying.
We arrive at Marivan in the late afternoon.
A large lake catches the afternoon sun and we stop at a restaurant at its edge.
Some friends of Dr. Ghaffar join us for a meal of barbecued fish, rice and pickled vegetables.
We sit cross-legged on the floor and drink more black tea.
Afterward, music is played and people lock arms and dance in a line, men at one end and women at another, jumping in unison and kicking their feet in time to the music.
One of the women's veils slips back off her hair, but no one pays much attention. The dancing goes on until the sun sets over the lake.
We leave Marivan and head back toward Sanandaj.
The doctor's phone rings and he talks in rapid Farsi before suggesting we stop at a friend's house on the way.
"My friend is very wealthy," he tells me, "and he can trace his family back 1,300 years."
The friend's house is certainly that of a rich man; thickset gold picture frames enclose black canvases covered in intricate Persian script, thickly woven carpets are laid out across the floor and a huge flat-screen TV sits in the corner, blaring out Kurdish pop music.
Before stepping further inside, I remind myself that it's not polite to shake hands with women in Iran.
As I'm mentally congratulating myself on my cultural sensitivity, the sister of the owner of the house steps forward, confidently shakes my hand and invites me to sit on the sofa.
Huge bowls of sweets and cashew nuts are laid out.
I sit next to the man's eldest daughter who takes out her iPhone and shows me photos on her Instagram feed.
Most of the images are of Western fashion models.
I ask her why and she says: "Model is the best job."
She plans to go to university in Tehran and wants to study German, but her long-term ambition is to leave Iran and she has many questions about life in the West.
It's late and after more dancing -- this time in the marble-floored living room to the music coming from the TV -- it's time to go.
Jahan drives back toward the center of Sanandaj.
He sings in Kurdish again, but this time there's a more melancholy tone to the song.
How to get there: British, Canadian and U.S. citizens wishing to travel to Iran must do so as part of an official tour due to restrictions on independent travel.
Most other foreign nationals need to obtain a visa before traveling and the application process can sometimes seem slightly opaque. It's worth checking the most up-to-date visa requirements ahead of traveling as these can change with little notice.
A variety of airlines fly to Iran, with Tehran's Imam Khomeini International Airport the main international hub.
Once in Iran, getting around is made straightforward by the country's comfortable, extensive and relatively cheap bus or train networks, while for longer distances internal flights are an option.
For shorter journeys and day trips, taxis are relatively affordable due to low fuel costs. In Tehran the metro is a good way to dodge the city's heavy traffic.
I never knew anyone who ordered anything from SkyMall.
I never bought a single item from the catalog myself.
Not the Stay Fresh Feline Drinking Fountain that kept kitty happy and hydrated while you were in Tibet.
Not the Emergency Evacuation Smoke Hood, which looked like a cross between a 1950s cosmonaut training device and a children's toy sold by Irwin Mainway.
Not the iGrow Hair Rejuvenation Laser.
Certainly not the 14-karat-gold cross pendant with the 2,000-year-old Widow's Mite coin embedded in it, which back in the catalog's early 2000s heyday sold for $199.95.
Perhaps I just don't travel in the right circles, but outside the pages of that vaunted catalog I never set eyes on a single portable spa or robot lawn mower, to say nothing of the sensible clothing, luggage and household items that actually filled the bulk of its pages.
That, of course, didn't stop me from appreciating the outsized pride of place SkyMall held inside the cabin of virtually every major U.S. commercial aircraft during its near 25-year run in the skies.
SkyMall wasn't just an annoying space eater in a seat-back pocket shuffled between airline propaganda, safety cards and barf bags
 it was the one reliable punch line during those interminable delays on the tarmac, the one thing the airlines offered us that could guarantee five solid minutes of entertainment, the one thing in that stuffy cabin that wasn't quite so stuffy.
From the amount of online tributes generated in the wake of the bankruptcy announcement from the catalog famous for hawking Bigfoot Garden Yeti statues and other durable necessities, you'd think SkyMall had been around forever.
In fact, we've only had airborne access to Ionic Breeze Personal Air Purifiers and vibrating tongue cleaners since 1990, when a visionary American accountant named Robert Worsley launched the catalog that inadvertently kept millions of passengers entertained on those excruciating hops between San Diego and Scranton, and then around the world.
SkyMall had a predecessor -- the GiftMaster catalog also featured quirky products no one would ever buy, yet somehow apparently did
 but now we're being told the golden age of inflight shopping has been done in by the pressures of technology.
According to the bankruptcy filing from SkyMall owner Xhibit Corp, the ubiquity of mobile devices and Internet access on airplanes pretty much doomed the old warhorse.
But as a convenient scapegoat "the Internet" is a lot like China these days, and I'm not sure technology is the real culprit here.
It's not like SkyMall was some creaky dinosaur, plodding along contentedly unaware of the Internet.
In 2009, SkyMall's website generated $80.5 million in revenue, making it one of the top 200 e-commerce websites in the world.
Add in about $50 million in magazine revenues (about the same amount the company reported bringing in from the magazine in 2000, according to a Travelocity magazine report) and the company was generating an estimated $130 million in revenue annually just half a decade ago.
A 2013 Atlantic article cast heavy doubts on SkyMall's then-recent merger with the Phoenix-based Xhibit Corp, a company it said "raises all sorts of red flags."
The Atlantic didn't see good things in SkyMall's future, but that had nothing to do with a loss of public appetite for talking picture frames and replica 1957 Chevy Bel-Air convertibles with 3.5 horsepower gas engines that could safely transport a person weighing up to 250 pounds.
So maybe there was an element of mismanagement behind SkyMall's demise.
This seems possible, but I can't help thinking there's something even more insidious at work here
maybe the death of the place where the world could always go (well, at least since 1990) to satisfy its impulses for iFetch ball launchers for dogs and Slankets ("Best Blanket Hands Down") signifies the diminution of something even sadder -- our senses of humor.
With air rage, anxiety and traveler frustration at worrying levels across our increasingly tense skies, maybe it was inevitable that those easy laughs and stolen moments of inflight frivolity would finally go the way of complimentary blankets, pillows and cocktails.
Flying's not as much fun as it used to be, we all know that, and with the passing of SkyMall, it just got a little unfunner.
Whatever journey you're embarking on, I'm pretty sure you're going to get there with a few more laughs than we will.